Automating SSL Certificates Issuance with Certbot and Acme.sh through hz dns (#674)
hetzneronline/community-content: tutorials/automating-ssl-certificates-with-hz-dns/01.en.md

On your server, run:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh.git
cd ~/acme.sh
./acme.sh --install -m mail@example.com
```

> Replace `-m mail@example.com` with your email address.

Once the installation is complete, the installation path will be displayed.

## Step 2 - Modifying Automated DNS

You can find various API options for different DNS providers in the [acme.sh repository](https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh/blob/master/dnsapi/) and in this directory:

```shell
cd ~/acme.sh/dnsapi
```
If you are unsure which one to use, refer to the [acme.sh wiki](https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh/wiki/dnsapi) for guidance.

For demonstration purposes, I will use Hetzner DNS. Note that the API keys provided by each DNS provider may differ. Choose the best provider for you. For Hetzner DNS, you can get your API key in the [Hetzner DNS Console](https://dns.hetzner.com/settings/api-token).

Note down the key for your DNS provider.

> Find the corresponding script for your DNS provider, such as `dns_hetzner.sh` for Hetzner, and edit it:
> 
> ```shell
> nano ~/acme.sh/dnsapi/dns_hetzner.sh
> ```
> 
> Modify the script to include your DNS provider's API key and save the changes.

Reviewer: I would suggest to add a note about the `export` option.

``````suggestion
Find the corresponding script for your DNS provider, such as `dns_hetzner.sh` for Hetzner. To add the API token, you can either:

* Edit the file manually
  ```shell
  nano ~/acme.sh/dnsapi/dns_hetzner.sh
  ```

* Use the `export` command
  ```shell
  export HETZNER_Token="<token>"
  ```
  > Replace `HETZNER_Token` with the variable used the file of your DNS provider and replace `<token>` with your actual API token.
  
  You can view the saved API token with `cat ~/.acme.sh/account.conf`.
``````

Author: It's my fault that I really didn't take this into consideration
